[This ad was originally in de. Translated by Gemini.]

Physicist/Mathematician/Natural Scientist as Consultant in Data Integration (m/f/d)
Strong CV Match! More info

Senacor Technologies AG
Berlin, Bonn, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Munich, Nuremberg, Vienna
Permanent Position
Full-time
Posted: 1 week ago

    €40,400 - €71,300/year (estimated for full-time)

Senacor Technologies AG logo
Physicist/Mathematician/Natural Scientist as Consultant in Data Integration (m/f/d)
Senacor Technologies AG
slide number 1
slide number 2
About Senacor

As an agile IT consultancy, we shape the IT transformation, digitalization, and individual software development of tomorrow with more than 1000 employees. Our focus is on the automotive and banking industries, but numerous other industrial and insurance companies are also among our clients.

The 4-3-1 principle was yesterday. Just like up or out. Individual coaching at eye level, flexible working hours, and team spirit. That's what we value.

We have offices in Berlin, Bonn, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Munich, Nuremberg, Vienna, and Zurich. Due to our hybrid working models, you can also work from anywhere else in the DACH region.
Your Tasks

As a consultant (m/f/d) in the area of data integration, you will work on large-scale projects in interdisciplinary teams of consultants and developers. Together, you will develop an integration solution that occupies a central place in the client's IT architecture. You will master the daily challenges of project life with your colleagues and experience the motivating dynamics of our delivery culture. You will typically work on these topics:

    At the interface between the business department and IT, you analyze the client's requirements, design solutions, and implement them together with your team
    You quickly acquire a deep professional understanding of the data to be integrated, model entities and relationships, and further develop the harmonized data model of the integration solution
    You package deliverables in release management, drive implementation in project management, and ensure in test management that the software receives the final polish for go-live

Your Profile

    Very good university degree in mathematics, physics, natural sciences, or (business) informatics
    Curiosity and interest in working with large amounts of data and complex models
    Above-average abstraction ability, analytical thinking, and team spirit

Your Benefits

    Work how and where you want. Flexible working hours, home office, sabbatical, and up to 20 days of workation in the EU
    Home stays home. Start client trips from your home in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland – without relocating to a Senacor location, but with a higher expense allowance and an all-round carefree package
    Compensation that convinces. Attractive salary with benefits such as company car, JobRad, subsidy for the Deutschlandticket and childcare, company pension scheme, and 30 days of vacation
    Career that develops individually. Rapid assumption of responsibility, individual coaching, further training, and programs such as the Female Talents Program
    An office to feel good in. Modern offices with weekly breakfast, feel-goods, free drinks, game consoles, literature, and an open door for dogs and children
    Experience more together. Various events, after-work offers, initiatives, communities, and networking formats
    Additional offers make life more beautiful. Corporate benefits, courses for your work-life balance with voiio, and state-of-the-art IT equipment – also for private use

Further Information

Does this profile suit you? Then send us your application documents securely and easily via our web form!

Your Contact Person

Lena Rokahr